# 20180718

## Participants
* Chris Philips
* Christos Knaellopoulos
* Davide Vaghetti
* Elena Torroglosa
* Mischa Sallé
* Wolfgang Pempe

## Notes
* Chris asked about scope being more, such as An Oauth2 Profile for Securing APIs -- conclusion was let's take it to the OIDCre list.
* Plan to have this done by the end of August

### Actions
* send an explicit invitation to REFEDS for endorsing the proposal - desired outcome - more organizations/people endorsing the WG activity lends merit to the work. Point out that being a proposer does not involve any committments to work in the WG.
* Chris+Davide to bring this activity to eduGAIN-SG on next call. Chris to raise with Brook (Chair)
* create a Q&A document about the proposed specifications to both anticipate questions and to get note of the community feedback through the ml.

### Next meetings
* end of july/beginng of August (week of July 30)
* mid to late august.

# 20180731

## Participants:
* Davide Vaghetti (GARR)
* Jule Ziegler (LRZ - DFN)
* Jens Jensen (STFC)
* Mischa Sallé (NIKHEF)
* Nick Roy (InCommon)
* Roland Hedberg (Independent)
* Steffen Klemer (DFN)
* Chris Philips (CANARIE CAF/ Chair CACTI-I2)
* Mike Jones  (Microsoft)

## Notes

* Introduction Round
* Chris: "People might expect automatically secured endpoints." -- Mike: "As OIDC is build on OAuth 2.0 you might want to use access tokens (perhaps with scopes). These might be ad-hoc or even generic ones to be defined in the edu WG or any of the existing profiles."
* Chris: "Where are API-access control use cases for authenticated users addressed? (compared to human logins)" -- Mike: "In part in the financial-grade profiles."
* Chris: "Have to think about non-web cases; especially GRID which is using x509 atm. Will stuff like OAuth 2.0 profiles for theses cases be part of the edu WG?" -- Mike: "You should mention the concrete use cases but not just mention OAuth 2.0; this is too large."
* Discussion about OAuth-profiles as part of the WG and doing it sooner or later and/or mentioning them in the charter. ... settling unanimously on a more focussed approach on the OIDC fed idea and later "re-charter' with new/broader goals.
* Davide "What about the non-normative parts? keep them / leave them out?" -- Steffen: "Leave them out as there are many existing communities where this could be done and we might lose people because of the IPR." -- Davide: "We might reach a much broader community." -- Chris: "Full non-normative content in REFEDS/aarc/GÉANT...; but parts and informational stuff under the OIDF umbrella." -- Mike "Anything normative (specifications...) should be in the WG BECAUSE of the IPR. Basically everything you can write conformance-tests for. Non-normative guidance could be in the WG but doesn't has to be protected by IPR." -- Davide: "But we anyway have to make it clear to vendors how edu implementations and use cases look like" -- Mike "You are fine to leave it out of the charta but still do it." -- Chris, Roland "We should concentrate on a good and refined, focussed deliverable." -- rough consensus on leaving the non-normative stuff out of the charta
* discussion about "Where should R&E specific things be discussed? Shall we take it out of the closed communities into the broader OIDF forum?"
* Documentation of processes in OIDF WG: docments linked in mailing list mails. Many are using BitBucket because they first supported OIDC; but everything is fine. Also github.
* Timing: Chris: Think about the holidays in August. Therefor consensus on the current schedule although we see the charta more or less ready. Davide: "Close the discussions/comments 1 week beforce the next VC ~28th, August and decide on the final draft then."

## Next meeting

Doodle poll to select a date for the meeting will close in few days: 

       https://doodle.com/poll/dwsmk6xdbn86p3ud

The best candidate for now is the 28th of August at 4:00pm CEST 
(2:00pm UTC).
We will send a reminder, and the final date will be communicated on 
the oidcre@lists.geant.org mailing list.
